docs: PolicyMonitor DR (#3441)
eclipse-edc/Connector: docs/developer/decision-records/2023-09-07-policy-monitor/README.md

# Generic Properties

## Decision

A `PolicyMonitor` extension component will be implemented.

## Rationale

> Ongoing transfers like "streaming" one, where they actually don't get `COMPLETED`, need to be terminated whenever the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some transfer types, such as streaming never reach the `COMPLETED` state, so they need to be terminated whenever the
```

> `Policy` on which the parts agreed on is not valid anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Policy` on which the participants agreed is not valid anymore.
```

## Approach

This component will be implemented using the same model as the state machine we're using for `TransferProcess`:

- The ingestion will be done with a listener on the `TransferProcessStarted` event, that will add an entry to a `PolicyMonitorStore`.

> - The state machine then will continuously fetch the oldest entries leasing them, check the related policy. 

Reviewer: I would explain the term "leasing", just in a sentence or two

  - If the check fails the TP will get completed through a service call (that could be either embedded in the control-plane 
    or remote through a rest call) and the entry will be removed from the `PolicyMonitorStore`.
  - otherwise the lease will be broken and the policy be verified again in the next run.

This mechanism will permit to scale the process to multiple instances.

> The `PolicyMonitor` will be deployable embedded in the control-plane or separately in a dedicated runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PolicyMonitor` will be deployable embedded in the control-plane or separately in a stand-alone runtime.
```
